Everyone's career is different and information
regarding your potential career path is always important.
These courses will provide training and the importance
of customer service, proper inventory management,
proper equipment management and strategic management
in supply chain,
and would be important to assist you in closing any gaps
that would lay between the current position
and the next position to be obtained
on the logistics ladder.
Following is additional information
on the professional levels for the SCM courses.
Select the individual roles to see an example
of career progression within the VHA SCM workforce.